Document the order of array items (#2145)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/User.md

## Get Current User Guilds % GET /users/@me/guilds

> Returns a list of partial [guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object) objects the current user is a member of, sorted by snowflake in ascending order. Requires the `guilds` OAuth2 scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of partial [guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object) objects the current user is a member of, sorted by their ids in ascending order. Requires the `guilds` OAuth2 scope.
```
